Update concept-mandatory-multifactor-authentication.md (#1406)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/identity/authentication/concept-mandatory-multifactor-authentication.md

We understand that some customers may need more time to prepare for this MFA requirement. Microsoft is allowing customers with complex environments or technical barriers to postpone the enforcement for their tenants until September 30, 2025. 

> Starting on March 3, 2025, Global Administrators can go to the [Azure portal](https://aka.ms/managemfaforazure) to select the start date of enforcement for their tenant for admin portals in Phase 1. Global Administrators must [elevate access](https://aka.ms/enableelevatedaccess) and they are using MFA before they can postpone the start date of MFA enforcement.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting on March 3, 2025, Global Administrators can go to the [Azure portal](https://aka.ms/managemfaforazure) to select the start date of enforcement for their tenant for admin portals in Phase 1. Global Administrators must [elevate access](https://aka.ms/enableelevatedaccess) and use MFA before they can postpone the start date of MFA enforcement.  
```
Fixing grammar
